
Want to have a solid grip at your yoga skills or looking to master the correct conduct of ansans?
Are you one of them keen to teach yoga to others; hence looking to sharpen your skills 
If you have ever lived the dream of becoming a professional yoga teacher,
Then our 200 Hours yoga is the best choice for you. Under this training programme, you get a deep insight into the Philosophy of yoga.
It is a great opportunity and a chance to enhance the quality of life that is filled with eternal peace and calmness. It is a path to begin your yoga journey.

After practising the intense yogic routine under the guidance of our qualified and well-refined teachers, you get the certification and; hence become a certified RYT -200 yoga teacher.



This program is “life-changing”
The days you spent with us while practising the yogic mudras and try to put your mind in a calm state, help you change your life completely.
Daily meditation, concentration techniques, Asanas, Pranayam, calmness and more are offered under this program.


You will practice different yogic formats throughout the day.
The classes may range for about 12 hours each day.
It all begins with the Morning meditation, pranayama classes & asana classes.
After completion of all three activities, you are served with your breakfast with our participants, where you can enjoy group meal and chit chats.

Before lunchtime, you are being taught the skills of anatomy, Philosophy Adjustment & Alignment. 
Post lunch, you have a revision session, called (self-study). The day with sessions of Hatha yoga, Yoga Nidra, and Mantra Chanting.
We do want to mention that On Saturdays,  there will only be asana practice along with the revision session (self - study) and it Sundays will be off for you to relax and have fun.




Curriculum Outlook 
Asahna Part includes - 
1 - Warm Up
2- Hatha Yoga
3 - Pranayama
4 - Meditation
5 - Yoga Nidra relaxation

Contemplations part includes - 	
1 - Bandha (Energy Lock)
2 - Mudras (Yogic Gesture)
3 - Yoga Philosophy
4 - Alignment and adjustment of yoga poses
5 - Mantra Chanting
6- Yoga Anatomy
7 - Yoga therapy
8 -Tantra Practices
9 - Assessments

Come closer to god and feel the immense power of Yoga, feel the peace under the goodness of Nature and in the shade of Himalayas.	

Visit https://www.yogateacherstrainingrishikesh.com/
